README.md, before:

# xfero
A practical File Transfer Orchestration solution for business

## Why xfero?
**THE MISSING LINK IN BUSINESS FILE TRANSFER SERVICES**

Xfero is the complete orchestration framework for business file transfer services with a mission to simplify complex file transfer integration while giving business users the ability to manage configuration rather than relying on techies.

## Whats different?
The primary distinguishing features of xfero are:

- Xfero puts the business user in charge. Providing a simple GUI for configuration of transfer routing.
- It is agnostic of File Transfer products and can support any File Transfer protocol/product.
- Workflow for Orchestration which implements the following functionality:
  - A variety of file name transformations
  - Compression of files into both ‘ZIP’ & ‘TAR.GZ’ format
  - Enhanced file integrity with Check Sums.
- Full capability CRON like scheduler – For initiating ..* File Transfers based on priority and scheduled tasks such as housekeeping.
- File Transfer Prioritisation
- Multipoint send capabilities
- Effective logging and audit information
- System utilisation information

## Overview
- [Overview](xfero/docs/overview.md)
- [Whats new](xfero/docs/whatsnew.md)
- [Tutorial](xfero/docs/tutorial.md)
- [Features](xfero/docs/features.md)
- [Configuration](xfero/docs/configuration.md)
- [Reference](xfero/docs/reference.md)
- [Install](xfero/docs/install.md)
- [HowTo](xfero/docs/howto.md)
- [Test Suites](xfero/docs/testing.md)
- [FAQ](xfero/docs/faq.md)
- [Glossary](xfero/docs/glossary.md)

Commit message:

Replaced the Why XferO sentence
Following conversation in #2 it was agreed that the original wording of this sentence could be improved. This led to longer discussion about the name and how it should be written. Decided to use XferO :+1:

README.md, after:

# xfero
A practical File Transfer Orchestration solution for business

## Why XferO?
**THE MISSING LINK IN BUSINESS FILE TRANSFER SERVICES**

XferO is a complete orchestration framework that simplifies complex file transfer integration for business file transfer services whilst giving the business community the ability to manage these services without having to engage with their technical department.

## Whats different?
The primary distinguishing features of xfero are:

- Xfero puts the business user in charge. Providing a simple GUI for configuration of transfer routing.
- It is agnostic of File Transfer products and can support any File Transfer protocol/product.
- Workflow for Orchestration which implements the following functionality:
  - A variety of file name transformations
  - Compression of files into both ‘ZIP’ & ‘TAR.GZ’ format
  - Enhanced file integrity with Check Sums.
- Full capability CRON like scheduler – For initiating ..* File Transfers based on priority and scheduled tasks such as housekeeping.
- File Transfer Prioritisation
- Multipoint send capabilities
- Effective logging and audit information
- System utilisation information

## Overview
- [Overview](xfero/docs/overview.md)
- [Whats new](xfero/docs/whatsnew.md)
- [Tutorial](xfero/docs/tutorial.md)
- [Features](xfero/docs/features.md)
- [Configuration](xfero/docs/configuration.md)
- [Reference](xfero/docs/reference.md)
- [Install](xfero/docs/install.md)
- [HowTo](xfero/docs/howto.md)
- [Test Suites](xfero/docs/testing.md)
- [FAQ](xfero/docs/faq.md)
- [Glossary](xfero/docs/glossary.md)
